hi everybody today i want to recap a
horror movie called jennifer's body hope
you enjoy
anita needy lesnicki once an insecure
and studious teenager living near
devil's kettle minnesota is now a
violent mental inmate who narrates the
story as a flashback while in solitary
confinement
since childhood she had been friends
with jennifer check a popular
cheerleader despite having little in
common
we're totally lesbian
what she's my best friend
one night jennifer takes needy to a
local dive bar to attend a concert by
indie rock band low shoulder
a spontaneous fire engulfs the bar
killing several people
[Music]
uh
in supposed shock jennifer agrees to
leave with the band despite needy's
protests
later that evening jennifer covered in
blood appears in needy's kitchen in
attempts to eat raw chicken from the
refrigerator
she immediately vomits a trail of black
spiny fluid and leaves
the next morning at school jennifer
appears fine and dismisses needy's
concerns appearing apathetic to the
entire event
people die jennifer it's like all over
the news
anybody that we know
we know everyone
sucks to be them i guess
while the town is devastated by the
deaths caused by the fire jennifer
seduces the school's football captain in
the woods and disembowels him
why are you so warm
sheddies
they're waiting
nope
meanwhile low shoulder gains popularity
due to their falsely rumored heroism
during the fire and offered to make a
charity appearance at the school's
spring formal
a month later jennifer appears sick and
listless she accepts a date with school
alternative emo colin whom she brutally
kills
wait
colin
why don't you just come by my place
tonight
okay
great yeah
i'll text you my android
you made it
this isn't really your house is it
no baby
you can play mommy and daddy
so
emo
[Music]
while needy and her boyfriend chip have
sex needy senses something dreadful has
happened
[Music]
she leaves in a panic and almost runs
over jennifer who is drenched in blood
at home she again encounters jennifer
who explains that low shoulder had taken
her into the woods after the bar fire
and offered her as a virgin sacrifice to
satan in exchange for fame and fortune
what do you want from me
i just want to explain some things to
you
okay so you remember the night of the
fire i got really messed up
and those guys from low shoulder
totally evil
are you even sure she's a [ __ ] virgin
man
yes yes i'm a virgin peter i told you
man you owe me a beer
i don't know if we should go through
with this do you want to work in
moosehoof coffee forever i don't okay
do you want to be a big loser or
do you want to be
rich and awesome like that guy from
maroon 5.
we deliver this virgin unto thee
although the sacrifice and demonic
exchange were a success jennifer was not
actually a virgin so she became
permanently possessed
leaving the woods jennifer had
encountered an exchange student leaving
the scene of the fire and made him her
first victim
jennifer states that when she has eaten
she can withstand virtually any injury
without pain healing instantly
the following day needy goes to the
school library's occult section and
determines that jennifer is a succubus
who must feed on flesh and can only be
killed while she is hungry and weak
needy tells chip about her discoveries
about jennifer and warns him not to
attend the school dance he does not
believe her so she breaks up with him in
order to protect him
chip decides to attend the dance anyway
but is intercepted by jennifer who takes
him to an abandoned pool house and
begins feeding on him needy arrives
there and fights jennifer
[Applause]
[Music]
yes and shoot patron scene involved
please give me the power to crush this
[ __ ]
[Applause]
she can fly
she's just hovering it's not bad ship
impales jennifer through the stomach
with a pool skimmer but jennifer removes
it and escapes while chip dies
needy goes to jennifer's home and breaks
into her bedroom she fights jennifer and
stabs her in the heart with a utility
knife killing her and destroying the
demon
jennifer's mother enters and finds needy
on top of her daughter's body
soon after needy is brought to an asylum
in her asylum room she manifests some of
jennifer's supernatural powers such as
super strength and the ability to
levitate due to a non-fatal bite from
jennifer during the fight between them
she escapes the mental facility
hitchhikes a ride to the hotel where low
shoulder are staying and murders them
[Music]
thanks for watching consider to
subscribe and see you again in the next
video
you